uncharted drake's fortune is an
action-adventure game developed by
naughty dog and published by Sony
Computer Entertainment exclusively for
the playstation 3 combining platforming
a third person shooter elements the game
charts the journey of protagonist nathan
drake supposed ascended of the explorer
francis drake supposedly his ancestor as
he seeks the lost treasure of El Dorado
with the help of a friend Victor Sully
Sullivan John eNOS and lena fischer
where this is going where r l
resemblance to the indiana jones will be
although i didn't watch india any of the
movies i just had no entrances in game
but the game is very fun to begin wit
you just gotta get use of the the
hand-to-hand combat moves although it's
easy to do and my favorite quick time
events and she is also my specialty
favorites where everything is
practically fun about the game I
practically love all the Uncharted
series but this is one of my favorite
games that I got hooked on my brother
just told me a little bit about the game
even though he didn't know pretty much
about the game but he got me hooked on
to it so that's why about a year and a
half ago I play both uncharted one and
two be both home and I opened the way
for uncharted 3 and that was my first
impression of the first game on to the
second I'm chatter two among thieves the
second sequel from the first game
uncharted drake's Fortune also developed
by naughty dog and published by Sony
Computer Entertainment exclusively for
the ps3 the game follows nathan drake as
he tries to stop the ruthless war
criminal the zone is all vic from
getting his hands on a feeble
cinematheque Lee Stone whatever it is
whatever you can call it also Carrodus
from the previous game return like
Victor Sullivan and Elena Fisher new
characters also make their debut like
javac Harry Flynn employed Fraser this
thing is practically the best then the
first one I'm going to give you a little
bit details about the game or what parts
I like about it i'm not going to tell
you on the story because most y'all
didn't play the Uncharted series I'm
just gonna give y'all one level I like
it's about the museum when drinking
Flint had snuck in there's still a map
and fine y'all gonna find that out on
your own when y'all play it sometime in
the future I'm just giving you a little
details about it it still got the same
hand to hand combat better better melee
attacks in QuickTime events same as
always also my favorite on to the third
one last but not least uncharted 3
drake's Deception the third installment
in the Uncharted series this is the
first time that the game supports high
revolution stereospecific 3d also full
1080p HD movie look just recently
beating this game a couple of days ago
hell of a venture that Drake's had I'm
not going to tell you all the story that
I had happened y'all gotta play the
entire uncharted serious to see how all
this went down never really gotten
a chance to get on multiplayer co-op if
y'all want to play with me on
multiplayer at me as Lord Balon and a
t29 it's my PSN name I would like to
take on oncoming challenges this game
once again supports QuickTime events
which is my favorite Park or shooting
all that once you can imagine what you
see and the uncharted game series and
I'm hoping and waiting for uncharted 4
will come out in the next two years in
the late 2013 I'll push it back to three
years even more I don't know but I'm
hoping to win on that I really do love
the uncharted games it gives you ideas
of what you what you can make of what
you can do
and what you can get out of it that was
my review on the all three Uncharted
series hope y'all enjoy like comment and
subscribe